[Pages] refactored direct uploads docs :) (#4760)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/direct-upload.md

# Direct Uploads

> With Direct Uploads, you can bring your prebuilt assets right to Pages. Bring your own Continuous Integration (CI) tooling to handle the build and deploy your website's assets straight to the Cloudflare edge network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Direct Uploads, you can bring your prebuilt assets directly to Pages. Bring your own Continuous Integration (CI) tooling to handle the build and deploy your website's assets straight to the Cloudflare edge network.
```

> With Direct Uploads, you can bring your prebuilt assets directly to Pages. Bring your own Continuous Integration (CI) tooling to handle the build and deploy your website's assets straight to the Cloudflare edge network.

Reviewer: This opener needs to be rewritten to state:
1. what is direct uploads
2. how it works
3. what this guide will instruct developer to do

## Upload methods

> Once you have your prebuilt assets ready, there are two ways to begin uploading: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have your prebuilt assets ready, there are two ways to begin uploading: 
```

* [Wrangler](/pages/platform/direct-upload/#wrangler-cli).
* [Drag and Drop](/pages/platform/direct-upload/#drag-and-drop).

{{<Aside type= "note">}}
  

> Within a direct uploads project, you can switch between creating deployments with either Wrangler or Drag and Drop. However, you cannot create deployments with these methods on a standard Git integrated project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a Direct Uploads project, you can switch between creating deployments with either Wrangler or Drag and Drop. However, you cannot create deployments with these methods on a standard Git integrated project.
```

{{</Aside>}}

## Supported file types

Below is the supported file types for each Direct Upload options:

> * Wrangler: A single folder of assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wrangler: A single folder of assets. (Zip files are not supported.)
```

* Drag and drop: A zip file or single folder of assets

## Wrangler CLI 

### Set up Wrangler

To begin, [install and set up the latest version of Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/get-started/). Note that Pages relies on Wrangler 2.

#### Create your project

> Once you have logged into Wrangler, it’s time to create your first project. Execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Wrangler with the `wrangler login` command then run the following command:
```

```sh
$ wrangler pages project create
```

> You will then be prompted to specify the project name. Your project will be served at `<project-name>.pages.dev`. You will also be prompted to specify your production branch. 

Reviewer 2: Is this accurate? If the name is already taken Pages appends a random 3 letter/number string to the end, should that be mentioned?

> You will then be prompted to specify the project name. Your project will be served at `<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`. You will also be prompted to specify your production branch. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will then be prompted to specify the project name. Your project will be served at `<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev` (or your project name plus a few random characters if your project name is already taken). You will also be prompted to specify your production branch. 
```

Subsequent deployments will reuse both of these values (saved in your `node_modules/.cache/wrangler` folder).

> #### Publish your assets 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Publish your assets

```

From here, you have created an empty project and can now publish your assets for your first deployment and for all subsequent deployments in your production environment. To do this, execute the following command:

```sh

> $ wrangler pages publish <output-directory>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ wrangler pages publish <OUTPUT_DIRECTORY>
```

```

> Your production deployment will be available at `<project-name>.pages.dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your production deployment will be available at `<PROJECT_NAME>.pages.dev`.
```

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

{{<Aside type= "note">}}

> Before using the publish command, you will need to make sure you are inside the project. If not, you can also pass in the project path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the `wrangler publish` command, you will need to make sure you are inside the project. If not, you can also pass in the project path. 
```

{{</Aside>}}

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

> However, to publish assets to a preview environment, you can execute: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to publish assets to a preview environment, run: 
```

```sh

> $ wrangler pages publish <output-directory> --branch=<branch-name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ wrangler pages publish <OUTPUT_DIRECTORY> --branch=<BRANCH_NAME>
```

```

For every branch you create, a branch alias will be available to you at `<branch-name>.<project-name>.pages.dev`. 

{{<Aside type= "note">}}

If you are in a Git workspace, Wrangler will automatically pull the branch information for you. Otherwise, you will need to specify your branch in this command.

{{</Aside>}}

> If you would like to streamline the project creation and asset publishing steps, you can also use the publish command to both create and publish assets at the same time. If you execute this command first, you will still be prompted to specify your project name and production branch. These values will still be cached for subsequent deployments as stated above. If the cache already exists and you would like to create a new project, you will need to run the [create command](#create-your-project). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to streamline the project creation and asset publishing steps, you can also use the publish command to both create and publish assets at the same time. If you execute this command first, you will still be prompted to specify your project name and production branch. These values will still be cached for subsequent deployments as stated above. If the cache already exists and you would like to create a new project, you will need to run the [`create` command](#create-your-project). 
```
